now how do we make these up chef you
want the chicken quickly slice quickly
julienne the chicken there's some nice
little full of finger strips the tape
strips will be quite nice okay see this
smells absolutely lovely we've got that
great flavor that's come on from the
actual grill itself delicious it looks
real juicy from here yeah it's I'm so
looking forward to eating this so what
do we do now add a little bit of sugar
to your water
so this water's just warm just one okay
little rice wine vinegar vinegar that's
interesting and the reason why we do
that there's actually no flavor behind
the rice paper right spirit nice so
we're gonna do I'm gonna submerge it in
there yep alright and just until it's
pliable so we let it sit in there I also
put a damp cloth on my cutting board and
now what we do we take it out see it yep
bent onto your cutting board and then
you start to build your spoils so that's
good so first thing beautiful baby
greens some of your wonderful shredded
carrots that's cucumber now we're gonna
add your beautiful chicken there you go
lovely and then we can is something
sweet and sour onions very very simple
to make this is red onions a little bit
of vinegar a little bit of sugar so this
gives a nice lovely sweet taste to the
dish and then we forget a little bit of
spring rolls a little bit of our so
you've got there just touch of the
sesame sesame seeds interesting that as
well because that gives almost a slight
but though it's the seed you get a
slight nuttiness for it yeah it produces
a nice perfume yeah into the dish and
then we just gently gently watch this
do you tighten that up quite a lot you
haven't done that too tight you've just
left that that's it
feelings look at that just to show that
off and you can just imagine what that's
going to be like so moist all the way
through and maybe you've got a sprig of
something shift so we just take a little
bit of that miracle fresh mint from
again when you could put this inside
couldn't you probably you could actually
yeah liquor is very refreshing and we
are very very simple jerk chicken spring
roll now that is nice here we go let's
reveal now look at that I think that
looks absolutely stunning doesn't it
it's colorful it's gonna be rich it's
gonna be wonderful in flavor now of
course you've got that jerk chicken from
that sort of marinade we had on it and
then the compliment coming from every
other flavor that's within it chef thank
you this is the bit I enjoy the most
cheers Cheers hmm that's so refreshing
oh I forgot all about it the mango I've
got to say that is so delicious
wonderful particularly that little bit
of mango on top delicious really did
enjoy that
you